well howdy there internet people Isabel
again so the day well tomorrow or
yesterday by the time y'all watch this I
was at the fast-food joint and the
person that was taking my order she
turned to her manager and she's like hey
you know that guy over there he's been
here a long time he's acting really
weird he keeps asking what time it is
and I look over my shoulder back at him
it's an old black guy old and he's in
greens he's in institutional greens he
just got out of prison like recently and
I told me I'm like I could talk to him
um walk over there okay hey long time
are you doing okay
he uses a tone of voice I've never heard
before and roll on and he's like I need
to leave I'm not trying to cause any
trouble boss and it's that tone of voice
you hear in these movies where you know
but the black guy runs into the racist
back in the 60s and he that was the tone
of voice he used you know casting that
you know I'm one of the dumb good ones
you know I sat down with him in a my
unit Nam and I'm just I recognized the
clothes you headed a halfway house you
need a ride and basically when you get
out a lot of times you'll take a bus and
then take a cab to the halfway house
it's the way it works and a lot of
people will take a bus part of the way
and then have their friend pick him up
and drive them the rest of the way
however if you do not make it to that
halfway house on time oh wow you're in a
world of trouble that's what I thought
was going on now as it turns out he's
already been and he's there waiting for
his first meeting with
his probation officer or whatever and I
said there and I talked to him I find
out he he went in in the early 70s he
just got out he's 70 something years old
and as we talked I noticed that that
tone of voice is gone and it just broke
my heart it confirmed that something
about me had elicited that response in
him that brought it about and you know
yeah to us it's 2019 he's been gone for
50 years 50 years ago in this area
somebody looks like me he comes up to
you I guess it's better to play it safe
learn the behavior something he learned
as a kid fell back on it immediately 50
years later
yet upset me those people that know me
no I don't I don't get upset it's very
hard to surprise me or shock me or
whatever this did and the more I thought
about it the angrier I got for a whole
bunch of different reasons
but the most the most contributing
factor factor to it is that it's still
happening
differently in a different way but it's
still happening today the same type of
thing that caused that behavior in it
they gave him that defense mechanism you
know they did that inspection of those
ice facilities rotten food nooses in
cells throwing people in solitary for no
good reason still have not found the
time to investigate be thousands of
sexual abuse complaints now from the
kids were taken away soccer and school
yeah treat them like they're not people
that's what we're doing and I got a
wonder what they learned response is
what the learned behavior is what
defense mechanisms are they having that
they're developing right now that 50
years from now they're gonna fall back
on the blink of an eye
Center and watched the scars of history
burst open in front of me but we're
still doing it that you know that tone
of voice it's cliche in the movie hope I
never hear it again anyway it's just a
fault
y'all have a good night